Hey, let's talk about purpose, right?
And not the fluffy kind, not the kind that
people throw around on Instagram, right?
I'm talking about the kind of purpose
that lights your chest on fire, the kind
that makes you walk differently, right?
That clears the fog that
makes you unstoppable.
And not because it's easy either,
no, but because it's real.
By this point in the course,
you've uncovered a vision of
the life that actually fits.
You've felt the difference between
settling and saying, hell yes.
Right?
You've seen who you want to
become, and you've even started
mapping out how to get there.
But now we answer the deeper
question, why does this matter, right?
Not why it looks good, not why
other people will approve of
it, not why it makes sense on
paper, but why it moves you.
In your gut, in your soul,
in your bones, right?
Because here's the thing, every
one of us will hit resistance.
Life will test this path.
You'll doubt yourself.
Other people won't get it.
Some will leave.
Comfort will whisper for you to come back.
Fear will try to sit you down.
And if you don't have a purpose
strong enough to stand on a
reason that anchors you, you'll
collapse back into your old life.
So in this exercise, I'm not asking
you to figure out your purpose.
I'm asking you to listen for it, right?
It's already there woven into your story,
your pain, your longings, your values.
You've likely caught glimpses
of it throughout this course.
The blueprint you're building isn't just a
goal sheet, it's the map for your return.
Okay?
This next worksheet will
help you name your why.
You are gonna look backward
at what shaped you.
You're gonna look inward at what drives
you, and you're gonna look forward to
the kind of impact only you can make.
Let's uncover what you're really here for.
All right?
Let's get after it.
Let's.